[4.1.x][6736] Form freezes on save if user cancels a policy suggestion dialog (#3864)
craftercms/studio-ui: ui/app/src/CHANGELOG.md

[//]: # (TODO: migrate 4.1.x branch changelog to develop)

> ## 4.1.5
> * [common-api.js]
>   * `CStudioAuthoring.Utils.showConfirmDialog`: Updated arguments to support an object with the following properties instead of individual arguments: `title`, `message`, `onOk`, `onCancel`, `okButtonText`, `cancelButtonText`. Also, made it backward compatible (with multiple arguments).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## 4.1.5
* [common-api.js]
  * `CStudioAuthoring.Utils.showConfirmDialog`: Added function overload to receive a `props` style object as first and only argument. The props argument would contain all ConfirmDialog props. Original set of arguments still supported for backward compatibility.
```
